Sunrise-Browser-r69
===================

sunrise Browser is an open source Browser resembling MAC OS Browser. this is in XCODE Project source upto revision 69. Most Mac OS X users probably use Safari, Firefox or Opera for their internet browsing. But every now and again it is nice to have a change of browser. Instead of using your regular browser, why not try Sunrise ? Here are some of the unique features of Sunrise ...  Sunrise Bookmarks are in the form of icons in panel on either the right or bottom of the browser window. Essentially the icons are screenshots of the web page that you have bookmarked. You can choose icon size and they can be dragged to the order you choose. You can also give each bookmark a label color. It is not obvious how to group them in folders or sets if you had hundreds of pages marked. There is no bookmark bar.  The panel the size can also be adjusted, creating multiple columns of icons as it is made larger. On my 20" iMac, when I adjust the browsing window to 1280 size and then max out the panel with the smallest icon view: about 90 icons show. The window does have a slider and in theory you can have unlimited bookmarks.  When you choose to View Source to see a page's code, Sunrise gives you the option of choosing to view it in your favorite editor. I chose to have it open up Nvu, an open source editor.  I'm going to try to use Sunrise for a whole day to see if it would pass as an every day browser. The bookmark system is unique but likely cumbersome. Sunrise is wicked fast. If speed is your game, this is it. And it is possibly the smallest browser out there for the Mac. Now this browser is in closing phase of its development. if any body is interested to make changes or want to enhance he/she is free to make changes except he/she has to inform me about the same.
